4.5 release page (#1138)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_5/entry-general-core-accesskit-integration.md

---
type: entry
section: general
subsection: core
rank: 1
importance: 2
anchor: accesskit-integration
title: AccessKit integration
blockquote: Accessibility matters
text: |

>   Accessibility should be every developer’s top priority, full-stop. Exclude someone from an experience for factors outside of their control is an area that video games and applications have the potential to circumvent entirely. It does, however, take a solid framework to develop such accommodations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Accessibility should be every developer’s top priority, full-stop. Excluding someone from an experience for factors outside of their control is an area that video games and applications have the potential to circumvent entirely. It does, however, take a solid framework to develop such accommodations.
```

Author: Moved that paragraph to the screen reader one. (i removed the accesskit feature)

>   Accessibility should be every developer’s top priority, full-stop. Exclude someone from an experience for factors outside of their control is an area that video games and applications have the potential to circumvent entirely. It does, however, take a solid framework to develop such accommodations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Accessibility should be every developer’s top priority, full-stop. Excluding someone from an experience for factors outside of their control is an area that video games and applications have the potential to circumvent entirely. It does, however, take a solid framework to develop such accommodations.
```

Author: Moved to the screen reader feature.

>   That's because each platform have their own way to handle accessibility. It makes it obviously difficult to support every platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  That's because each platform has its own way to handle accessibility. This makes it obviously difficult to support every platform.
```

Author: The sentence is now in the "screen reader" feature.

>   That's because each platform have their own way to handle accessibility. It makes it obviously difficult to support every platform.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  That's because each platform has their own way to handle accessibility which makes it obviously difficult to support every platform.
```

I think this can be one sentence.

>   That's because each platform have their own way to handle accessibility. It makes it obviously difficult to support every platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  That’s because each platform have their own way to handle accessibility. It obviously makes it difficult to support every platform.
```

>   Fortunately, the [AccessKit](https://accesskit.dev/) framework launched 2 years ago in order to offer a way to bridge most of the platforms (macOS, Windows, and Unix/Linux using [D-Bus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/D-Bus)) over a common API. Ever since, our integration of it in Godot progressed in bursts, alongside its updates.

Reviewer: I'm unsure what "alongside its updates" means here. Do you mean Godot updates, or AccessKit updates, and what do you mean by "alongside"?

Author: The sentence was removed.
